Ability to take back stuff from the archive
UI/UX for multi user and LLM usage
Old:

Version Control interactions
CLI exposure to Front-end
LOGS implementation and handling
Ability to expose everything to front-end for better feedback during testing

Shortcuts for navigating (with the keyboard) the creation and editing of cards, columns and projects. For example I
 should be able to move from editing the description to editing the checklist with my keyboard, and actually typing within
  the description without having to use my mouse to click on the description.

I should describe every end-point, entry-point for a total front-end implementation that allows me to use pretty much
 every major part of the product. I should be able to interact with pretty much everything and target every functionality.
  I should also be able to inject or intercept things that will be automated. A thorough plan, diagram and description for 
  this is required so that I can have a roadmap and clear direction, which should be done after a complete analysis of 
  everything that the project is currently capable of doing, that should be doing, and that will be doing, so that the
   front-end can take all of this into account, and even for things that aren't implemented already I can start 
   developing the entry points for user input and then it's just a matter of wiring things up, while this can be, 
   at the very least, used for better understanding of directions and needed additions.
   
Some automation examples/functionalities should be implemented. Even better, a framework for creating automations should be thought of.

The ability to already have the instructions from an LLM and act upon those, ideally with the framework mentioned above,
should be added, so that some preliminary tests can already be done.

The ability to "chat" and send commands to the LLM should be implemented in the front-end, some sort of window or chat

More E2E and Playwright tests should be added since so much of extra Front-end has been added.

The remaining delta is mainly backend activation + deeper E2E/operational validation rather than missing frontend architecture.
   
New:

When I click and drag a task while it's open (example while I change its title), it drags the whole UI around, as if it's
trying to move the task from one stage/columns to the other (without actually placing it in a new column). This behaviour,
I believe, is an unintentional side-effect and it should be fixed/removed. The ideal patch/fix is by not having the 
side-effect, instead of explicitily making sure it doesn't move around, but further considerations are required in this
merit.  

Refactoring would be great at this stage, as a lot of code has been produced so far. Going to different sections of the 
code base, assessing how it works, and consequently how it can be refactored to improve maintainability, modularity, 
reducing code duplication, optimizing performance, etc


Auto-completion and in-real-time list of options creation while typing or selecting something when using the Ops console, endpoint explorer, Automation (when doing new request for example), etc

When using the "Search or command", ability to use the keyboard for selecting the navigation elements

Exit the projects/boards using Esc key

Archive still not working when archiving a board

"? Shortcuts(?)" footer on the sidebar, or any footer of this sort, should be sticky at the bottom there somehow, instead of having to scroll all the way down to see it

When using "Activity" I want to be able to see and choose from the options instead of having to know the ID of the entity/board/user 
Also, there should be an easy way to get the ID of the entities/Boards/user


